README.md, before:

# React Native Piwik PRO SDK

Piwik PRO SDK for React Native

## Installation

```sh
npm install react-native-piwik-pro-sdk
```

## Configuration

In order to set up the Piwik PRO tracker you have to call `init` method passing a server address and website ID (you can find it in `Administration` > `Sites & apps`):

```js
import PiwikProSdk from "react-native-piwik-pro-sdk";

// ...

await PiwikProSdk.init(
  'https://example.piwik.pro/',
  '6565aa65-8f8f-4242-abc1-9876dcbaabcd'
);
```

***Note:*** Each tracking method is implemented as a Promise which will be rejected if the `PiwikProSdk` has not been initialized.

## Tracking screen views

```js
PiwikProSdk.trackScreen('your_activity_path', 'title')
  .then(() => {
    setResult({ message: `Success track screen ${eventNum}` });
    setEventNum(eventNum + 1);
  })
  .catch((error) => setResult({ message: 'Error', error }));
```

## Contributing

See the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to the repository and the development workflow.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Dispatching methods (#2)
* PRNS-26 Dispatching documentation and Android implementation

* PRNS-26 Unit tests for dispatching methods

* PRNS-26 Dispatching on iOS

* PRNS-26 Minor changes in example app

README.md, after:

# React Native Piwik PRO SDK

Piwik PRO SDK for React Native

## Installation

```sh
npm install react-native-piwik-pro-sdk
```

## Configuration

In order to set up the Piwik PRO tracker you have to call `init` method passing a server address and website ID (you can find it in `Administration` > `Sites & apps`):

```js
import PiwikProSdk from "react-native-piwik-pro-sdk";

// ...

await PiwikProSdk.init(
  'https://example.piwik.pro/',
  '6565aa65-8f8f-4242-abc1-9876dcbaabcd'
);
```

***Note:*** Each tracking method is implemented as a Promise which will be rejected if the `PiwikProSdk` has not been initialized.

## Tracking screen views

```js
PiwikProSdk.trackScreen('your_activity_path', 'title')
  .then(() => {
    setResult({ message: `Success track screen ${eventNum}` });
    setEventNum(eventNum + 1);
  })
  .catch((error) => setResult({ message: 'Error', error }));
```

## Dispatching

Tracked events are stored temporarily on the queue and dispatched in batches every 30 seconds (default setting). This behavior can be changed in the following way:

```js
const dispatchInterval = 25; // 25 seconds
await PiwikProSdk.setDispatchInterval(dispatchInterval);
      
```

Parameters:
- `dispatchInterval: number` (*required*) - new dispatch interval (in seconds).

If `dispatchValue` is equal to `0` then events will be dispatched immediately. When its value is negative then events will not be dispatched automatically. This gives you full control over dispatch process using manual `dispatch`:

```js
await PiwikProSdk.dispatch();
      
```

You can obtain current `dispatchInterval` value with `getDispatchInterval`:

```js
const currentDispatchInterval = await PiwikProSdk.getDispatchInterval();
      
```
Returns:
- `dispatchInterval: number` - current dispatch interval (in seconds) or negative number if automatic dispatch has been disabled.


## Contributing

See the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to the repository and the development workflow.

## License

MIT
